implement paginateRawAndEntities (#375)
nestjsx/nestjs-typeorm-paginate: README.md

return paginateRaw(queryBuilder, options);
```

### Raw and Entities

A similar approach is used for TypeORM's `getRawAndEntities`

Let's assume there's a joined table that matches each cat with its cat toys.
And we want to bring how many toys each cat has.

```typescript

const queryBuilder = this.repository
  .createQueryBuilder<{ type: string; totalLives: string }>('cat')
    .leftJoinAndSelect('cat.toys', 'toys')
    .addSelect('COUNT(toys)::INTEGER', 'toyCount')
    .groupBy('cat.name');
```

This will allow us to get the paginated cats information with the additional raw query to build our actual response value.
The return pagination object will be the same, but you're now able to handle or map the results and the raw objects as needed.

```typescript

> const [results, rawResults] = await paginateRawAndEntities(query, options);
> 
> // we can do what we need with the items and raw results
> const newArray = doSomethingHere(results.items, rawResults),
> 
> return new Pagination(
>   newArray,
>   results.meta,
>   results.links,
> );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const [pagination, rawResults] = await paginateRawAndEntities(query, options);

pagination.items.map((item, index) => {
  // we can do what we need with the items and raw results here
  // change your items using rawResults[index] object
});

return pagination;
```

Author: I like this example, but I'm a bit worried people might access `rawResults[index]` and expect a perfect map, with the item (entity) they are handling which is not necessarily the case, especially with `join`ed queries. Just want to get your thoughts about that.

I can commit this change otherwise so you can merge the PR (I don't have write permission)

Reviewer: sure I understand. Shall we put `rawResults.find(raw => raw.id === item.id)`?
